(engine humming)
(gunfire)
(window smashes)
Ah!
- Almost there. Bronco.
- Fuck! Agh!
Gucci. we are inbound.
Understood.
Rachel. stay in the car.
Stay down.
- Okay. Yeah.
- Moreno!
- On it!
- Let's go! Let's go...
- Baker. on me!
- Got it!
- Gucci. how long?
- I need another minute!
- We don't have a minute!
- Guch. hurry your ass up!
- UAV incoming!
- Dunne? Get out of there!
Everyone down!
(explosion)
(heavy breathing)
(narrating)
My name is Rachel Wild.
I'm a particular type
of lawyer.
(explosion)
My job is to dog and chase down
those that hide their debts
through legal loopholes
and shell companies.
- (explosion)
- (grunting)
I work between the moral
and the immoral.
(explosion)
- The legal and the illegal.
- (gasping)
The black and the white.
I operate in the grey.
(dramatic music)
(line ringing)
(phone picked up. distortion)
- BOBBY: Hello?
- Hey. Bobby. I've got some news.
- Braxton?
- Hey. are you there. Bobby?
No. I'm losing you.
(beeps. call cut off)
RACHEL: The man on the phone
taught me everything I know.
Hey. driver.
can you find me a signal?
DRIVER: Of course.
(engine humming)
Do you wanna go. er.
stretch your legs?
Okay.
(line ringing)
Shall I give you a minute. boss?
Thank you. John.
(line ringing)
(whistling)
Bobby. are you there?
- Braxton. what you got?
- I got a meeting.
- With who?
- Salazar.
BOBBY: You got a meeting
with Salazar?
That's not all I got.
Where's this going. Braxton?
BRAXTON: Where would
you like this to go. hm?
BOBBY: Don't tease me.
- How much?
- Full debt plus interest.
That's impossible.
I don't believe you.
Well. I got the leverage.
I got the agreement.
I got the paperwork
and I got the signature.
- After this. I owe you nothing.
- BRAXTON: Uh-huh.
- We're done.
- Yeah.
Olsson will take you back
to your hotel.
BOBBY: How do you do it?
Braxton. if you pull this off--
- (gun clicks)
- you get the full 5%.
Where are you?
BRAXTON:
I'm on Salazar's island.
- I'll be in New York tonight.
- BOBBY: No trouble?
BRAXTON: Nah. I got John
with me for security.
BOBBY: You're on his island
and you only have
one man for security?
BRAXTON: You just let me
worry about that.
- (gunshot)
- Show your p-- Oh. Jesus.
- Braxton?
- Fuck! Fuck...
- (menacing music)
- (whistling)
- (alarm beeps. doors lock)
- BOBBY: What's happening?
Can you hear me?
- (alarm beeps. doors lock)
- Braxton. what's happening?
(alarm beeps.
doors lock and unlock)
- (whistling)
- (doors locking and unlocking)
BOBBY: Braxton. are you there?
- (Braxton panicking)
- Can you hear me?
- (menacing music)
- (whistling)
(silenced gunshot)
(alarm beeps. doors unlock)
RACHEL NARRATING: The upside of
this job is that when you win.
you win big.
The downside is that
when you lose.
you end up in a hole
in the ground.
(gunshot)
(rustling)
Mr. Salazar.
the contract is void.
Good! If Spencer Goldstein
think they're getting
their billion dollars back.
they can go fuck themselves.
And if they send anyone else
to try. we'll take care of them.
(sinister music)
RACHEL: My clients
are asset managers.
basically sophisticated
bankers.
They make money
by loaning money
and when they make mistakes.
they subcontract to people
like Braxton.
Or people like me.
If the first mouse gets sloppy.
then it's the second mouse
that gets the cheese.
- (ball pinging)
- SECRETARY: Wait. Miss Wild!
It's under control.
Mr. Goldstein.
SECRETARY: Wait. Miss Wild!
Please!
- You should have called. Bobby.
- Sorry. Miss Sheen.
We scheduled?
Well. given what happened
to Braxton.
I think we are now.
- I don't have time now.
- Oh. yes. Yes. you do.
I'm here to make you money.
I'll call you back.
Thanks. ladies. Two minutes.
And don't throw any shit
in this direction.
Why didn't you let him know what
he was getting himself into?
Nobody knew what
he was getting into.
- Hm.
- Anyway. what's it got
- to do with you?
- I liked Braxton.
But I didn't like the
hand grenade you passed him.
Manny Salazar. He's not really
the guy you loan
a billion dollars and expect
to see it back.
- You weren't thorough. Bobby.
- What did I just say
- about throwing shit?
- I'm just here to give you
an opportunity
to recover your money.
- You think you can recover it?
- You know I can.
Ooh. but I know
you're too expensive.
Wouldn't Spencer Goldstein
rather see its money back
and stop putting bodies
in the ground?
Careful.
You're pretty-ish.
and funny-ish. and clever.
But you're not
that fucking clever.
Hire someone else. you're...
well. repeating the same mistake
you made with Braxton
and getting the same result.
- On what terms?
- Standard sub-contract.
You get deniability. Spencer
Goldstein's hands stay clean.
And you only pay me
if I recover the full debt.
- How much?
- Twenty percent.
- I can get this done for five.
- By who?
You get people killed for five
and you're still left short.
You know.
I really don't like you.
You'll save a dollar
to lose a hundred.
You're a fucking nuisance.
Of course
I'm a fucking nuisance.
I can do it for 7.5%.
Ten percent.
And ten million upfront.
I don't trust you. and...
well. you need skin in the game.
(suspenseful music)
I can make that work.
That was easy.
Don't you have
to call your boss first?
I don't have to call upstairs.
Impressive!
Every time I visit.
you're a floor higher.
You however do need
a bigger office.
Love you. Bobby.
- (door opens)
- (phone ringing)
- Fuck you. Rachel.
- (door closes)
- (ominous music)
- (sirens blaring)
(intercom beeps)
Asset managers. I'm telling you.
they own the lot.
I have an asset manager
who manages my money.
(mysterious music)
That's because
in spite of what you look like.
you can still think.
But only small picture.
That's why I have a manager
manage my money.
(door buzzes)
What do you think
they do with it?
I know what they do with it.
They make me more money.
They make you
more money because
they fucking own everything.
I'm happy with that.
You wouldn't be if you knew
what they were up to.
They're out of control.
They run everything.
The news. the views.
The weapons. the wars.
There's no conspiracy.
This is good for me
and bad for you.
You should jump in.
The water's warm.
RACHEL: I've worked with Sid
and Bronco for so long.
they're the only two I trust
to keep me alive.
Salazar is a chameleon
who hides behind
hundreds of different
pseudonyms.
Last month.
he was called McIntyre.
The month before that.
Rodriguez.
To corner Salazar.
you must attack him legally
and illegally.
Half my team
deals with the former.
the other half. the latter.
Evening all.
Glover.
Gentlemen.
- Ma'am.
RACHEL NARRATING: Bronco heads
a team that specializes
in extraction.
intimidation and sabotage.
And Sidney's band specializes
in corruption.
bribery and
covert surveillance.
So. er...
Salazar?
Manny Salazar is rare
and unique.
Braxton uncovered some
of his hidden assets.
Salazar then buried
those assets.
Along with Braxton.
So. how do we squeeze him?
- We bring him to the table.
- How do we do that?
Pincer movement.
Combination of practical
and procedural.
Sidney. you will be
going to Saudi.
You. Bronco.
you're coming with me.
RACHEL NARRATING: First. I must
meet Salazar's infamous lawyer.
I can only do this concealed
in a Trojan horse.
So sorry to have kept
you waiting. Miss Wild.
I do hope my staff
has taken care of you.
I'm fine. Mr. Horowitz.
So. we have had a chance
to look over your proposal.
And I see that you have quite
substantial capital
that you may need help with.
(dramatic music fades)
(Bronco sniffs)
I'm sorry...
and you are?
I don't matter.
(car horn beeps)
RACHEL: Yes. indeed.
I'm particularly interested
in Mr. Salazar's portfolio.
That is private information.
I'm sorry. Sir. Do you mind?
That's very valuable.
(statue clunks)
Why do I have the feeling there
is another agenda going on here?
- Hm?
- You'd like to hear it?
No. That's another meeting.
We're done here!
(beep) Can you call Gary
into my office. please?
There is a situation here.
I assure you.
you'd like to listen.
The alternative is...
very expensive.
Well. I'm not buying
what you're selling.
Gary! Gary!
Mr. Horowitz.
is there a problem?
Yeah. Get them out
of my office. now.
Ma'am. Sir.
if you'd like to follow...
Gary. a moment.
There are two versions of how
this narrative plays out.
Version one. Gary waits
patiently and quietly
by the door for the next
30 seconds
while we conclude our business.
And then we leave in a calm
and orderly fashion.
Version two. Gary steps forward
on a reckless endeavour
and you spend the next six hours
sponging him off the walls.
I know which version
Gary would prefer.
(tense music)
You... I... you have...
I... I...
Gary.
Shh.
(tense music)
Gary?
Maybe it's better if you just
take a few steps back.
I'm here for the debt that
Salazar owes Spencer Goldstein.
As his lawyer. I'm pretty sure
you know where all
his proxy corporations
and shell companies are.
This is an opportunity
for you to work with me
so we can find a more
amicable agreement.
I think it's time
for you to leave.
Well. if I can't have
this conversation with you.
I guess I'll have it
with Salazar himself.
Don't get into water
that you can't swim in.
Likewise.
And if you get
into any trouble. please...
call me.
I'm known to be...
very effective.
Rachel Wild. That's my number.
You can call me anytime.
Have a wonderful day.
Mr. Horowitz.
BRONCO: Thanks. Gary.
- (door slams)
- (dramatic music)
Are we clear on the plan?
(grinder whirring)
Phase one.
Procedural and practical.
RACHEL: Bronco and Baker will
travel to Salazar's island
on a commercial flight
while it's still safe to do so.
They need to start sabotaging
Salazar's interests
and set up a base
a month before
I will eventually arrive
for a meeting.
While Sid flies to Saudi
to start
his corruption process.
His anonymous phone call will
tip off the Saudi authorities.
Salazar's hotel in Jeddah
got approval
to build 130.000 square feet.
But the real blueprint shows
he's building
150.000 square feet.
Hello...
RACHEL: The tip-off will let
the ministry know
that he's in breach
of planning consent.
- (shouting. arguing)
- That'll do the job.
RACHEL: The Saudis will take
this seriously and shut down
construction while the
paperwork gets reorganized.
FOREMAN: They are measuring
the building.
- We are being closed down.
- Hold on. please.
RACHEL: Horowitz will be
fielding phone calls
and he'll get his wings clipped.
Why have I got the foreman
of our Saudi construction site
saying that we have been shut
down for a size discrepancy?
He will be penalized
somewhere in the region of...
- (thud)
- ...$4 million a week.
Someone is fucking with us.
It's that woman.
I bet it's that fucking woman.
While he's busy
putting out that fire.
Sidney will be on stage two
of his corruption campaign.
There is a forensic skill
to bribery
and Sid is the best surgeon
I've ever had
the pleasure to witness.
If you're gonna corrupt someone.
there's a right way and a wrong
way of going about it.
GUCCI: And what's wrong exactly
about putting 25 grand
in someone's pocket?
SID: I think as long as you
do it elegantly.
You can't just shove 25 grand
in someone's hand.
Doesn't work.
What you need is lube.
An alibi.
Something to make them feel...
positive about the transaction.
(sensor beeps)
(crash)
Oopsy daisy.
(engine revving)
(suspenseful music)
(doors open)
I am so sorry.
That is totally my fault.
Don't worry.
there's hardly any damages.
Oh. you don't know that.
There are sensors.
there's the chassis rail...
and are you okay?
I'm fine.
It can take up to two days
for whiplash to bite.
My friend's a doctor.
He'll take a look at you.
Stand on one foot. please.
And close your eyes.
(suspenseful music continues)
Ooh. I don't like
the look of that.
Oh dear. You'll have to see
a physiotherapist.
Don't worry.
we'll take care of it.
There is a note
inside the envelope
from the doctor
that'll tell you exactly
how to make a full recovery.
And remember...
that can take six weeks.
(door slams)
That port superintendent
is under the spell
of old fashioned cash.
has a perfect alibi...
and clear instructions
on how to make a year's salary
in six weeks.
All I need is a thumbs up.
One. and he's on the hook.
Two. and he'll suck your cock.
(dramatic music)
You're in luck. Gucci.
SID: Now. the port
superintendent can justify
why he has a year's salary
tax free.
Your steel is impounded.
The paperwork doesn't match.
What do you mean. impounded?
Well. get it un-impounded.
That fucking woman
has locked up our steel!
By now. Horowitz should be
getting more bad news
because 20.000 tonnes of steel
are stuck in limbo
and leaves 2.000 construction
workers with nothing to do
but to sunbathe on full pay.
Penalties and delays will cost
them in the region
of $5 million a week.
Now he's burning up in Saudi.
Let's throw him off balance.
Light another fire on his flank.
Next we need to attack his
business on his Spanish island.
What about the oil rig?
It's literally
on Salazar's doorstep.
RACHEL: What do you think Bronco
and Baker are doing?
Javier.
Bronco.
That's my associate. Baker.
Apparently you're the man
that can source anything.
Can you help us?
I can get you what you want.
First thing we need
is hard hats.
(dramatic music)
Tomorrow's delivery
is the blowout preventer.
We can level that
before it gets there.
No. that's too clumsy.
It's harder to deal with
a mouse in the house
than a gorilla in the villa.
If they can't see the problem.
they can't fix the problem.
Forensic sabotage.
I want them lost in the weeds
for months.
RACHEL: A 200.000 tonne oil rig
will now be rendered redundant
through a Trojan mouse.
A 25 gram Jekyll and Hyde
super fuse.
Yeah. that's our end done. Sir.
All it needs now is to give
the safety inspectors
a little nudge
in the right direction.
Once they find out the rig's
got a fail-safe malfunction...
- (console beeping)
- (chat in Spanish)
- (instructions in Spanish)
- (horn blares)
Doesn't drill. doesn't move
and Salazar's leaking
half a million dollars a day.
He will now be aware he has
quite a significant challenge.
I asked you to take care
of Spencer Goldstein.
And you assured me that
the issue was dead and buried.
Yet somehow I'm now paying
three fucking million dollars
a fucking week for
a fucking oil rig
that doesn't produce
any fucking oil!
So. what I want to know is. A...
who specifically
is doing this to me?
And B. what the fuck
are you doing about it. William?
It is a woman.
- (water lapping)
- (coughing)
With an extremely capable team.
They're cunning. they're clever
and they're efficient.
I'm afraid that they're
gonna continue to be
a very big problem.
(coughing)
Here. William.
Will they continue to be
a problem
if they're no longer alive?
Yes.
She's already insured
against that.
Cut off her head and
there'll be 20 prepaid lawyers
waiting to keep
this thing alive.
And I'm afraid if that happens.
we may be in a mess that will be
impossible to get out of.
What is your advice?
Well. she's. erm...
already costing you about
28 million a month.
so I think it would be
a lot cheaper if...
you can make a deal.
You know. make her an offer.
For how much?
We can ring fence this for...
300 million.
Three hundred million dollars?
- Mm-hm.
- Of my money?
Around that.
You think you're sweating now?
I can make you
fucking sweat. William.
There's only so much
she can find.
and all the really juicy stuff
is still controlled by Wolfgang
and there is no way
she'll ever find that.
RACHEL: Pretty is synonymous
with stupid.
And stupid is synonymous
with naïve.
And naïve is what
I want you to think I am.
During our inaugural meeting.
Bronco placed a bug in his
lawyer of the week award.
Erm. do... do you mind?
That-that's very valuable.
RACHEL NARRATING:
We know who Wolfgang is
because Horowitz
very kindly told us
exactly who he is.
It turns out
he's an accountant.
Wolfgang Klose.
A Harvard-graduated German Arab
who orchestrates
the entire financial empire
from his fortress in Jeddah.
Why is Wolfgang so important
to Salazar?
He's a specialist
that hides his money.
He bounces it around
between countries
and buries it under layers
of shell companies
so it's impossible to find out
who the owner is.
If you can't find
Salazar's money.
you can't recoup the debt.
We need to join those names
to those companies
to untangle Salazar's
administrative opaque soup.
But if we can access
Wolfgang's computer.
we can find where
he's buried the bodies
and Rachel can prove
that he owns the companies.
RACHEL: He recently invited
some ego stroking publications
into his home to tell us
how fantastic. rich
and interesting he is.
The pictures revealed his love
for esoteric '50s sculptures.
While the interview let slip
his profound love
for backgammon.
RACHEL: Did you receive
my gifts?
I'm looking at them now.
Open exhibit A.
- SID: Ooh. loaded dice?
- RACHEL: Precisely.
You got an invite to his party
as a potential investor.
To catch his attention.
you need to win.
- Excuse me. Sir.
- What is it?
There's a guest at
the backgammon table
who hasn't lost a game yet.
Why are you telling me?
Because every time he wins.
he refuses the money.
What's more attractive
to a financier
than a man who refuses money?
How much has he won?
It's over 200.000. Sir.
SID:
Having got his attention.
he's going to be looking
at me very dubiously.
So. I'll need to convince him
that I have
no kind of hidden agenda.
Naturally. being the host
and rather paranoid.
he's going to assume that
I'm a grifter and he's the mark.
So. he'll challenge me.
- May I?
- Please.
What do you say.
5.000 a point?
Sure.
- (dice rolling)
- (suspenseful music)
SID: Using the loaded dice.
I'll continue
my winning streak.
Simultaneously.
I will refuse payment.
He will insist on paying me.
I make a point
of paying my debts.
SID: But here's where
I make my final move.
You can repay me
by giving me a rematch.
but with a gentleman's bet
and only for $10.
RACHEL: You will lose.
And as a token of a payment.
you will offer him a gift.
It just happens that that gift
is a statue he covets.
Open exhibit B.
- (clicking. sliding)
- (suspenseful music)
In scurries the Trojan rat.
It seems luck has gone my way.
Well played.
Er. rather embarrassingly.
I don't carry that sort of cash.
If you'll allow me. I'll just
pop something in the post?
RACHEL NARRATING: People are not
suspicious of those that give.
Only those that take.
Sir. a gift has arrived
from Mr. Kershner.
RACHEL: Wolfgang's office
is a Faraday cage.
an impenetrable firewall
preventing anyone or anything
from accessing his data.
However. once you're inside
of said cage
and within 12 feet
of his computer.
we're in his world.
Our statue is a bug.
a camera
and a tempest attack device.
We can start to put names
to companies
and untangle his financial web.
Bob's your uncle.
Fanny's your aunt. We're in.
RACHEL: Now. I'm inside
Wolfgang's world.
we can start to peel back
the onion.
Once I have the legal traction
to freeze some more
of his hidden assets...
Oh. Wolfgang. I've got you now.
...this will accelerate
a desire to reach a deal.
The court approves
the application
to seek international
attachment orders.
Objection. Your Honor!
Overruled!
- (gavel bangs)
- Thank you. Your Honor.
- She's a monster.
- (phone ringing)
RACHEL NARRATING:
However. in order to get
the unpalatable deal
that I want.
I will need to look Salazar
in the eye.
HOROWITZ: Hello?
Hello?
Oh. Mr. Horowitz.
how lovely to hear from you.
Okay. sweetheart.
200. That's it.
Has anyone ever told you
you have a wonderful timbre
to your voice.
I'm trying to place it.
That's funny?
200 is funny.
- (snaps fingers)
- I got it.
From the 1950s hit
The African Queen
starring Katherine Hepburn
and Humphrey Bogart.
You sound just like
Katherine Hepburn.
Okay.
(water lapping)
300.
I wanna sit down with Salazar.
Since I can't talk to you.
I wanna talk to him.
- (dial tone)
- What?! You f... You fu...
You fucking cu...
Salam Alaikum.
RACHEL:
Salazar doesn't know it yet.
but he's going to agree
to a meeting.
It's gonna happen on the island.
That's the only place
he'll feel safe.
It's just a question of when.
but there's still plenty of time
for you and your boys to put
in the infrastructure
and prepare for the worst.
Bronco?
I'm sure you've had
a sniff around.
How do we feel about that?
I think we feel okay.
Okay.
Better get more boots then.
(dramatic music)
BRONCO: Phase two.
Planning and preparation.
(boat motor humming)
Mr. Beauregard.
Buenos días. Captain Sensible.
Love the shirt.
It's silk.
Like my sheets.
Course it is.
RACHEL: My insurance policy
will need to consist
of a full team.
Baker...
RACHEL: Baker will be in charge
of explosives
and munitions.
Moreno is a wheel man in charge
of on-ground transport.
Dunne is in charge of
aviation... and cynicism.
This is Gucci.
He's in charge of tech.
I just told you.
- It's silk.
- (bag clunks)
RACHEL: Their principal agenda
will be getting me
off the island
and should I need
to leave quickly.
they'll need a full chest
of toys.
Indigenous ambulance.
40.000 on the clock.
full tank of laughing gas
and four brand new boots.
- Baker. door.
- (door clanks open)
Abracadabra.
Say hello to Javier.
- GROUP: Hello. Javier.
- Hola. chicos.
He's been a very clever boy
and got the full shopping list.
Two canoes. four oars.
two emergency outboards.
Late 2010 coche.
upgraded with an LS3 V8.
Three KTM 450s.
125 scooter for eggs
and fresh milk.
Two Polaris Razors with 190hp
and plenty of torque.
And Teddy for fishing.
We've got a full set
of knives and forks.
We've got your reach out
and touch me
for the long range slot.
Noise makers. cloudies. blinders.
We've got 9-mils and 45s
avec hush puppies.
Gucci AR with a 203
grenade launcher.
Brand new boom stick
with 40-mil butt plugs.
Top cigars
for the Charlie Gs
for ground to air.
And finally...
24 ice cold
cervezas.
Please drink responsibly.
BRONCO: Alright ladies.
don't get excited
about our accommodation.
It's not the Savoy.
We're hidden in
the most remote part
of Salazar's Island.
We chose this safe house
due to its proximity
to all three extraction points
and its historical tunnels.
should we need to get
Rachel out discreetly.
Rachel is only ever going to be
in one of two places.
Either here at the villa.
or at Salazar's hotel.
He lives in the penthouse suite
which is where they will meet.
If things get exciting.
we extract Mum.
assess the threat level.
bring her back to the villa
and get her off the island.
Three extraction points.
BRONCO: If we need to move
Rachel from the hotel.
we take the east evac route.
We'll take the SUVs through the
town through the storm drains
to two awaiting RIBs.
If we need to extract her
from the villa.
we go from an airfield
on the north of the island.
Jets and helicopters
are a no-go
because Salazar controls
the skies.
That's why we came here
by boat.
We have
two gyrocopters waiting.
They'll go undetected.
The west evac
is our last resort.
There's no other way
off the island.
Each route has its own
challenges but we need to reach
these points as quickly
and efficiently as possible.
We're gonna be ready
for any eventuality
and practice until
we get it right.
But this is Salazar's Island.
The police are on payroll
and he has a reasonably
experienced private army.
- How many?
- Best guess. 50.
- What's that all about?
- Considering his activities.
he takes some comfort
from having a small militia.
BRONCO: The police station
is an issue.
If anyone ends up inside.
we need to know
how to get 'em out.
Where do you wanna start?
Well. first we recce the routes
and then we go look at the hotel
and the police station.
We'll split up.
Gucci. Dunne and Baker.
you recce the north evac point
and log a flight time
to the mainland.
Bronco. Moreno and yours truly.
We'll recce the fastest route
from Salazar's penthouse
through the city
to the east evac point.
(horns blaring)
Hey. Captain Sensible.
can you. er.
can you just slow down
a little bit?
You're starting
to make me nervous.
Time really does stand still...
when I'm with you.
Dunno what you're
so grumpy about.
You planned the route.
- (engine humming)
- (horns blaring)
If we're not careful.
your dad's gonna blow our cover.
(window squeaking)
- Okay. Thank you.
- Okay.
Tell your dad not
to spend it all at once.
(motorbike revving)
(motorbikes revving)
Are you thinking
what I'm thinking?
That two wheels
is better than four.
BRONCO: Okay. sweethearts.
we'll run the full route
to the east evacuation point.
If we need to get her out.
Mom will be transported
on the back of the bike.
(motorbike revving)
(horn blaring)
MORENO: We've got a police car
up ahead.
BRONCO: Who wants to kick 'em
in the ass
and see if they'll kick back?
MORENO: Leave it with me.
BRONCO: Good man. Moreno.
Try not to end up in jail.
(motorbike revving)
- (sirens blaring)
- (shouting in Spanish)
- (motorbike revving)
- (tires screeching)
BRONCO: Head to
the storm drains.
See if they have
the stomach to follow.
- (shouting in Spanish)
- (motorbike revving)
MORENO: This is
too fuckin' easy.
What I need is a pig on a bike.
- (sirens blaring)
- (tires screeching)
(motorbike revving)
SID: Moreno. what the fuck
are you doing?
MORENO: You do your thing.
let me do mine.
BRONCO: Looks like your
dream's come true.
You've picked up a pig
on two wheels.
MORENO: Yep. thank you!
- (motorbike revving)
- (sirens blaring)
You know. surprisingly he's not
completely shit. this guy.
- (motorbike revving)
- (tires screeching)
MORENO: Let's see if this fucker
likes the idea
of dropping twenty foot
into a storm drain.
- (motorbike revving)
- (tires screeching)
(motorbike revving)
(sirens blaring)
(shouting in Spanish)
(motorbike revving)
MORENO: Sadly. he didn't follow.
BRONCO: Coming in beside you.
BRONCO: Turns out
you do actually
have some talents. Moreno.
(dramatic music)
SID: Okay. Looks like
that'll work if we need it to.
MORENO: So. a boat will
pick us up from here?
SID: That's the idea.
But the bikes won't work
if we need
to take someone
who's incapacitated.
For that. we'll need
the ambulance to get us
through town and an ATV
to get us down the storm drain.
Then we get them off on a RIB.
BRONCO: Okay.
so onto the next route.
North evac is a straight shot
through a wind farm
outside the city.
It is our primary extraction
point as our gyrocopters
are the fastest way
to get Rachel off the island.
We'll need to get these
operational and onto the runway
in no more than three minutes.
The only way to do that
is to rehearse.
(blades whirring)
(blades slowing)
(sighs) It takes 25 minutes
to get to the mainland.
Twenty five minutes?
Give me something faster.
I'll get it there quicker.
How long from the hotel?
Got it down to nine
and a half minutes.
Get it down to eight and a half.
That's not possible.
You're right. six and a half
is possible.
SID: This is how we're
gonna do it.
We'll take Rachel
from the hotel.
These have to be out of the shed
and in the air in three minutes.
You two pilot and take Rachel
and me with you.
BRONCO: If this doesn't work.
we go to the west evac.
That means back to the villa.
through the tunnel.
onto the bikes
until it's easier by foot.
Then there's an obstacle.
The upside of the obstacle
is no-one can follow us.
But the downside of
the obstacle is. er...
That's the straightest line?
Fuck off.
I foresee a problem.
Point A. the villa is two
and a half miles that way.
Point B. the west evac point
is seven and a half miles
that way.
This is the straightest line.
Now. I am aware that
there is a 300-foot deep
untraversable ravine before you.
But fortunately.
Baker and I have put a great
deal of thought into this.
And we've discovered that if you
give yourself enough runway.
build up some speed.
and flap your arms like so...
It should take the bump
out of the landing.
Alternatively. there is another
option for the less adventurous.
- (button clicks)
- (line whirring)
- (dramatic music)
- It's. er. called a zipline.
(line whirring)
SID: The zipline takes us
to where our ATVs are hidden.
(motor revving)
BRONCO: Then there's the matter
of getting to the harbour
as quickly as possible.
SID: And like with
the other routes.
we'll need to time
and rehearse this too.
Do it again!
(engine revving)
(motorbike revving)
- (tires screeching)
- (engine idling)
- What happened there?
- I can do better.
- Go on. Fuck off.
- (motorbike revving)
Jesus! Fuck!
Door.
Four minutes.
(rifle fires)
Four feet to the left.
MORENO: Three feet to the left.
(chain rattling)
- (rifle fires)
- Two feet to the left.
(mine beeps)
(rifle fires)
Bingo.
(engine revving)
(motorbike revving)
Do it again.
(dramatic music)
Four minutes.
Not too shabby.
Let's go again.
- (gunfire)
- (motorbike revving)
MORENO: Argh. dammit!
2:59. Got it.
- Aaargh!
- (blades whirring)
Three. two. one...
(gun firing)
Not bad.
- (gunfire)
- (motorbikes revving)
In contingency. if the north
evac fails
and we have pursuing vehicles.
we lead them into a banana pie.
There'll be one vehicle
and two bikes.
Bikes will peel off and ram's
horn behind the pursuers.
(motorbikes revving)
You're gonna dig a hole
in the floor.
Question.
What are we digging with?
With your finger.
Or you could use an excavator.
(engine chugging)
BRONCO: You put the crank arm
twenty yards to the right.
Dusty trap doors
to snag enemy traffic.
(pickaxe smashes)
(grunting)
- Aargh...
- BRONCO: We drive over.
I'll jump out and trigger.
(thudding)
We'll lose at least one
down the hole
and then whatever's left.
I'll hose off
with the help of the two bikes.
I'll take Mum and continue
to the west evac.
Did the picture
make things clear?
GROUP: Crystal.
The only time Rachel's
going to be vulnerable
is in transit between the hotel
and the villa.
If she insists on stopping
for ice cream.
we will not be able
to stop her.
So. Gucci. you get the drone up
and everyone else.
invisible but useful.
We do not want them knowing
about the full team
and if they come for a bite.
I want them to lose
their fucking teeth.
We know the evac points.
Speed is our priority.
But because there's
three new routes.
because it is unknown territory.
because it is his island
and because we are outnumbered
ten to one.
we are going to keep rehearsing.
And by rehearse.
he means tick every box.
(engine revving)
Tick every tock.
(motorbike revving)
Lube every wheel.
(brakes screeching)
Lick every stamp.
And steal every inch until
all of those routes are ours.
SID: We need to be one step
ahead of Salazar.
BRONCO: We need to know
his movements.
We need to hear
his conversations.
SID: We need ears
in the penthouse suite.
BRONCO: We can only do this
before he knows
that we're on his island.
Dunne will check out
the access routes.
SID: Moreno and Baker will recce
the hotel's rear exits.
BRONCO: Sidney and I will
casually enter the lobby.
SID: Bronco will have
a heart attack
- to distract the hotel manager.
- (gasping)
BRONCO: She will then kindly
donate her skeleton key.
SID: Bronco will then recover.
- And then Sid will inform her...
- It's low blood sugar.
Just needs a sweetie.
And then my husband and I
will make our way
to the penthouse suite.
Whilst Gucci cuts the cameras.
GUCCI: Cameras are down.
(suspenseful music)
Cameras are off.
(statue clunks)
Shh.
Hear no evil.
Get it in.
I think I know what I'm doing.
Three exits.
Door we came in.
fire escape...
Or over the edge
for a neck breaker.
If anything relevant
is said there.
or if Salazar loses
his patience.
we should know about it
and we get Rachel
off the island.
If they open fire. we fire back
and we do not miss.
If and when Salazar's police
force turn up.
we make them pay.
How exactly do you
wanna handle that?
Oh. you're gonna handle that.
You're gonna plant engine
killers under their cars.
If anyone ends up
in that station.
we need to know how to get them
out of that station.
And if I recall correctly.
it's your turn to take the tour.
(plaza chatter)
Your boys are here.
They look very athletic.
It's only one night.
Don't overdo it.
as you're prone to.
And remember.
I love you.
('La Cucaracha' plays
in background)
Wait for me.
- One more thing...
- Shhh...
Write it in a letter.
But I don't write.
No. not the sombrero.
Oy-oy!
Aah...
La cucaracha...
SID: Sing along with me!
(slurring) La cucaracha
(phone ringing)
La cucaracha...
- RACHEL: Are you ready?
- Yeah. we're ready.
- Is it time?
- Yeah. you should get out here.
Did you get me somewhere
nice to stay?
Oh. it's a marble palace.
Frette sheets and gold shitters.
- Liar.
- Whatever you're gonna be
sleeping in is a hell of a lot
more comfortable
than where Sidney's gonna be
sleeping tonight.
Yo! Hey!
Right now. he's er. pissing
on policeman's boots.
Did you get what you need
from Wolfgang?
It's coming.
I just have one more thing
to do. I'll see you soon.
SID: La cucaracha...
Your turn. ladies!
- La cucarach...
- Hey! Hey!
RACHEL: They're ready.
Let's get him to the island.
Let's make this personal.
Let's take his toys.
The jet and the boat.
He'll be flying to the island
on that jet.
Oh. he's a clever boy.
He'll find a way.
Let's go back to court.
The court approves seizure
of personal assets
belonging to Manuel Salazar.
Objection. Your Honor!
Overruled!
RACHEL: First. they'll
ground his plane
under international law.
Horowitz! I'm standing
outside my jet
and being told
it no longer belongs to me!
Y-Yes. of-of course
it's your jet.
It's just a technical issue.
Why can't I fly?
It's my fucking jet!
It's been impounded
under international law.
Since when did I give a fuck
about international law?
And there's a-a little more.
You. you...
I think you might need
to brace yourself.
And then I'll impound
his boat under maritime law.
- He won't even let me on board.
- My boat! My fucking boat!
Now I'll have his attention.
You don't need to worry.
I am confident
that we will get them back...
in court.
SALAZAR: We are not
going to court.
I want to look her in the eye.
Set up a meeting on the island.
- (door clanking)
- Vamos.
(door creaks. clunks shut)
- (clipboard clunks)
- (background chatter)
(handcuffs clunk)
(door rattles)
What took you so long?
I may have overdone it
when I pissed on his boots.
Got any news?
I. er... don't belong
to you anymore.
I don't care about that.
(suspenseful music)
Cameras?
They're connected
but they're unsophisticated.
Guards?
Give or take 12
and about 20 across the road.
- Guns?
- Yeah. Plenty.
Is there any way in the back?
Well. you gotta
blow a hole through the wall.
Next time. you're gonna spend
the night in the cell.
Nah. you're a soldier.
And you're good with the boys.
Yeah. you're right.
They'd eat you alive.
Ooh! On second thought...
- (suspenseful music)
- (engine starts)
I picked up their signal
on the way in.
Abracadabra.
You've got more tricks
than a clown's pocket
and you smell
like a wizard's sleeve.
(suspenseful music)
Here's our police station.
These are our cells.
We can't go in the cell wall
because it's surrounded
by another wall
and it's covered by cameras.
So. we have to go inside if we
want to get somebody outside.
We can go out the back wall.
It's got no cameras and we can
drive straight up to it.
- Ah.
- Drone's found
a nosy visitor. Sir.
Who do we have here?
Oh. ten points if you can guess.
- You gotta give me a clue.
- Big.
- Elephant.
- Bearded.
- Bearded elephant?
- Red.
Red bearded elephant?
Salazar's head of security.
Shall we go say hello?
Nah. I think you're doing
a good enough job.
SID: Phase three.
Conference with an enemy.
(dramatic music)
Majesty.
Captain Sensible.
(dramatic music)
Here. This is for you.
Oh... this isn't about
to get awkward. is it?
Just put it on.
(gasps)
Sidney... It's beautiful.
Thank you.
Is there anything in it?
There's a thing in the thing.
If you hold down the button.
no matter where you are
in the world. I'll find you.
RACHEL: I know when mistakes
are made. you need insurance.
Bronco and Sid are mine.
(yells in Thai)
(bars rattling)
(cell door creaking)
With men like these.
you can't buy loyalty.
It must be earned.
Don't say a word. Follow me.
And I earned that
a hundred jobs ago
when I broke them out
of a prison in Chiang Mai.
- Are we being followed?
- Yep.
- Do we care?
- No.
Is there a reason
why we're driving so slow?
Dangerous things happen
to people who drive too fast.
And I wouldn't want them
to get in an accident.
- (suspenseful music)
- (engine revving)
(tires screeching)
- Hello.
- Ma'am.
- Mr. Beauregard.
- Sir.
So. marble palace.
Frette sheets. golden shitter?
Oh no. that's for the kids.
For you. ma'am.
we have 100% electric RV.
organic sheets
and a compostable toilet.
Let me give you a tour.
Kids.
Ma'am.
- (dramatic music)
- (blades whirring)
(blades whirring)
(engines humming)
We start at 350.
Nudge it to four if we have to.
- I think you should start...
- (distortion)
RACHEL: Gucci. any news?
Ma'am. it sounds like
their final number is 400.
RACHEL: That's not gonna cut it.
(engine humming)
(dramatic music)
(suspenseful music)
Señor Salazar. Rachel Wild.
Miss Wild.
My client is prepared
to increase the previous offer.
Well. we're not losing
any time then.
Mr. Salazar is offering
$350 million
to wrap this up today.
Well. I'm prepared
to be here till midnight
to find a way through
this challenge.
But. in the spirit of brevity.
throw a sharper dart.
Four hundred.
You won't get any more
than that.
Mr. Salazar. we agreed
to stick to the...
- Shut up. Horowitz.
- Oh.
Well. the games begin.
We move from the tail
to the dog.
You crossed the line.
Miss Wild. You play dirty.
For the first time in 15 years
I travelled to this meeting
in a jet that
didn't belong to me.
Why? Because someone didn't
respect the rules of the game.
Someone thought
they were clever.
But there is a line
separating business wealth
and personal assets.
Spencer Goldstein invested
in my business.
not in my personal space.
But you have marched an army
across that line.
Oh... wait.
I have an image.
Of a maiden in distress
clutching her pearls.
I too have an image.
But I would not be a gentleman
if I shared it with you.
The debt is a billion dollars.
I'm just here to help you
facilitate in any way I can
you satisfying that obligation.
I am conscious of the small
print and I don't want you
to incur surcharges.
penalties. interest.
I'm also known to be
a rather effective nuisance.
Your blade has reached its hilt.
You can't cut any deeper.
Take what's on the table
and fuck off.
(dramatic music)
(suspenseful music)
RACHEL: Fuck... I need a drink.
(phone ringing)
- RACHEL: Glover?
- Boss.
I need more information.
I can't get him to budge.
We don't have the leverage
and he knows it.
GLOVER: (sighs) Look. unless
Wolfgang opens up more files.
we've bottomed out.
I want a beer.
SID: Understood.
We're making a quick pitstop.
- DUNNE: What are we doing?
- Boss wants a beer.
DUNNE: Hell of a time
for a fuckin' beer.
- Arrivederci. mon amour.
- Don't have too much fun.
(door shuts. opens)
SID: Mum and Bronco are heading
into the café.
Let's secure the perimeter.
Gucci. get the drone up.
MORENO: Just pulled up.
DUNNE: Are we all invited
for a beer?
- SID: Dunne. what's your ETA?
- I'm a minute out.
BRONCO: Reserved a table
in the back for us.
How romantic.
SID: Dunne. on your arrival.
cover the east side
of the square.
- Copy.
- Hm...
Gucci. how we looking?
Checking now.
A lot of movement
coming towards the café.
- Buenas. ¿Qué les ponemos?
- Dos cervezas. por favor.
Perfecto.
- BRONCO: How are we doing. Sid?
- Starting to smell a bit fishy.
DUNNE: See those two muppets
entering the café now?
They were at Salazar's hotel.
Bronco. two of Salazar's
guests joining you.
SID: Do you have them?
BRONCO: Yeah. got eyes on 'em.
(suspenseful music)
Well. this might be more complex
than I thought.
Well. you like complex.
GUCCI: Sid. there's two more
entering the bar.
Okay.
SID: Bronco. two new customers.
Side door. Bar area.
Do you have eyes on?
Eyes on.
GUCCI: Two more hostiles
outside the bar.
Bronco. it's getting congested.
- SID: Baker. you take the bar.
- Baker. you're on.
I'm bringing the car
to the rear of the café.
Right.
SID: Bronco. you're taking her
out the back door.
BAKER: Approaching bar entrance.
- Thank you.
- Just gonna borrow this.
(bar chatter)
(clears throat)
SID: Bronco.
how are we looking in there?
Yeah. we got two in the lobby.
we've got one in the back bar
and one in the corridor.
Do we have a problem?
Hm... more of a challenge
than a problem.
Hush puppies on.
we keep this quiet.
MORENO: Copy.
Mexico. you've got two bogies
coming from behind you.
MORENO: I'm on 'em.
- Eyes on. Guch?
- Two more incoming.
DUNNE: It's an entire fucking
football team.
- Dunne. stand by.
- (motorbike revving)
Anyone else's pants
getting tighter?
Gucci. sit rep?
Four sitting out front.
Four inside.
Sidney. the back door's
still clear.
SID: I'll leave the car running
at the back door.
Entering the rear
of the building.
GUCCI: Got an Escalade inbound.
BAKER: There's at least
six on board.
MORENO: By my count.
that's 14 unfriendlies.
BRONCO: You set out there?
Yep. ready when you are.
SID: They'll be going
for an extraction.
Moving to the kitchen entrance.
On your command. Bronco.
Alright. I'm gonna take
the two in the lobby.
BRONCO: Sid. you take
the back bar.
Baker. take the corridor.
(suspenseful music)
Weapons are free.
(gun clicks)
(suspenseful music)
- (chair scrapes)
- (silencer gunshots)
- (screaming)
- BRONCO: Two down. Lobby clear.
- SID: Kitchen clear.
- BAKER: Bar clear.
- (screaming)
- Let's go.
BRONCO: Gucci. are we good?
Bronco. back door's clear. Go.
GUCCI: They're exiting
the Escalade.
- DUNNE: Go out the rear.
- (gunshots)
MORENO: Engaging front entrance.
- (gunfire)
- (screaming)
- BAKER: They're down!
- (gunfire)
SID: Escalade. clear. Baker?
(gunfire)
BAKER: Clear.
BRONCO: Extracting Mom now.
(screaming. panicking)
SID: Good shooting.
Let's pack this up.
(shouting. panicking)
(dramatic music)
GUCCI: Bronco. you've got two
on a scooter.
(scooter revving)
- (gunshots)
- (crashing)
(gunshots)
- Bronco's clear.
- Let's go.
Get in. Lay down.
(dramatic music)
SID: Gucci. let's get
out of here.
GUCCI: Pulling up.
Bronco. we good?
We're good. Mom's secure.
Rendezvous at the villa.
(engine revving)
SID: Gucci. back to the villa.
No wheelspins. no speeding.
don't run any red lights.
Dunne. if anyone tries to stop
you. shoot them in the face.
(engines revving)
(suspenseful music)
It didn't work.
W-what didn't work?
Fourteen men.
- Fourteen men?
- Fourteen.
What do you mean.
"fourteen men"?
Don't tell me you've fallen
into her trap.
(suspenseful music)
HOROWITZ: If you tried
to kill her.
she'll get
an emergency injunction.
That will turn us upside down.
Legally. they'll be able
to see everything.
Get Wolfgang on the phone. now.
(phone vibrating)
GLOVER: Boss?
Glover. talk to me.
Wolfgang's moving assets.
Big assets.
GLOVER: They're panicking.
(dramatic music)
I think we've got him.
Glover. I fucking love you.
Listen to me. this is what
you're gonna do.
Connect the assets
to his hidden businesses.
Attach them to his name
and shut them down.
We can crack the code
and read the cipher.
If we cut off his income
streams. he'll have no choice
but to come back to the table
and pay the full billion.
If you're all in. we're all in.
But if you want out.
we can get you out.
Right now.
We're staying.
Sidney. the gift
you gave Wolfgang
is the gift that kept on giving.
What started with a drip
ended in a deluge.
Now I know what Salazar's got
and where he's hiding it.
And my lawyers are gonna freeze.
seize and bleed him dry.
The court approves
the application to seek
international
attachment orders.
(gavel bangs)
RACHEL: He'll be fucked.
Next. Skyecill.
chemical manufacturing.
Turnover $1.1 billion.
JUDGE: Look at the evidence.
Mr. Horowitz. It's unambiguous.
The court approves
the application to seek
international
attachment orders.
(gavel bangs)
(speaking Spanish)
RACHEL: The panic will set in.
Primostar Telecom.
His first company.
$800 million in assets.
His walls will close in.
A worldwide freezing order
will be put in place
with immediate effect.
HOROWITZ: Objection. Your Honor.
Denied. Motion is granted.
RACHEL: By now. they'll know
there's a leak.
JUDGE:
I repeat. the motion to lift
the corporate veil is granted.
And finally.
Arkon. digital start-up.
Cash reserve of $385 million.
- Freeze...
- (dramatic music)
- fuck...
- (arguing)
- ...and seize.
- (padlock clanks)
The motion to lift the corporate
veil is granted.
- Objection!
- Denied.
- Objection. Your Honor!
- Denied!
RACHEL: It was only a question
of time before they found
the Trojan rat.
But by now.
we have everything I need.
You have no idea how much this
is going to cost both of us.
(suspenseful music)
(speaking Spanish)
(phone ringing)
Horowitz. What do you want?
My client would like
to see you.
Now.
What. now. now?
Yes. now. now.
That means... now.
I'll be there when I'm ready.
(suspenseful music)
Back into the lion's den.
Well. thanks to you.
there's less lions.
(footsteps)
Miss Wild. I hear there
was a regrettable incident.
Well. regrettable for some.
As I'm sure Horowitz
has explained to you.
Once you try to kill me.
you've crossed a legal Rubicon
you can't come back from.
Now. unless you want me to
choke off the oxygen
to any more of the ancillary
appendages you possess.
you'll pay the full ticket
and you'll pay it today.
You can have 800.
What the fuck?
I don't want eight.
I want the full fucking yard!
And I want my boat
and my jet back.
Ooh. a billionaire
without his toys.
An embarrassing paradox!
Get the fuck over it!
Know when you've won.
Miss Wild. Take the deal.
No! The deal is you pay
a billion dollars.
For all your chest banging.
have you recovered
even a single penny
of the debt?
No.
You'll accept the deal.
take the 800
and return my possessions.
You know I've seen
behind the curtain.
You have no more secrets.
So do you really want me
to resurrect all the bodies
you've been hiding?
Because I will let slip
the dogs of administrative war
and I'll share the exact
location of all those corpses
with every single investor
you've burned previously.
And it won't be me coming
for a billion.
It'll be them coming for five.
(suspenseful music)
The billion.
And you give everything back.
We're done here.
(footsteps)
Pay the bitch.
Your job was to make sure
nothing like this could happen.
(ominous music)
I'm letting you go. William.
Olsson will take you
to the airport.
(sinister music)
(sirens blaring)
(phone ringing)
Rachel. How can I help?
It's done.
What exactly?
Salazar's agreed to pay
the full amount.
That's exactly
what Braxton said.
Now. there's only two reasons
why that little red phone
could ring.
One. you're being fired.
Two. you're being congratulated
for the brilliant agent
you hired to help you recoup
your unrecoupable debt.
If it does. Rachel.
I will be very impressed.
No. when it does. you'll return
everything we seized.
Contractually that includes
the jet and the boat.
- Am I clear?
- Crystal. Consider it done.
Now. keep looking even harder
at the phone you're looking at.
Ring. ring.
Mazel-tov. motherfucker.
(phone snaps shut)
So. as I was saying...
(phone ringing)
- Bobby.
- Mr. Goldstein.
Congratulations.
(phone clicks)
(suspenseful music)
Bobby. are we really going
to fall out
over a hundred million?
Call me back.
(dial tone)
Getting money out of Salazar
was a stimulating game of chess
compared to dealing
with Spencer Goldstein.
You always said
they could never be trusted.
(water pouring)
(ominous music)
Who's that?
We're a thousand miles
from anywhere.
- Are we expecting anyone?
- No.
Rashid?
Rashid!
(ominous music)
Wait there. Rashid?
Rashid...
(suspenseful music)
(dramatic music)
Shereen!
(wind gusting)
(engine humming)
Hello. my lovely.
(watch ticking)
(dramatic music)
(sirens blaring)
(music playing faintly)
(treadmill whirring)
(footsteps)
(fumbling)
Who the fuck are you?
- (Bobby gasping)
- (treadmill beeps)
You can't just walk
into my office!
Oh yes. we can.
I've got security cameras.
There are people watching.
No. there aren't.
(Bobby gasping)
So. who are you?
What do you want?
Salazar's taken Rachel.
Oh... all right.
You're her boys. I see.
Well. that's kind of sweet.
It's being handled.
Everything's being handled.
How... exactly?
We're dealing with the Ministry
of Foreign Affairs.
we're talking to
the State Department.
we're dealing with
the Spanish police.
It's a... it's a highly complex
and evolving situation.
So. you're doing nothing.
Look. we all just
have to be patient
and Salazar will
get his toys back.
Rachel gets released.
She gets paid...
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
(suspenseful music)
So. you're telling me that
she got you your money back
and she still
hasn't been paid?
That's not very nice.
Look. you stick to the dancing
and I'll do the thinking.
Don't be cute.
Nothing is as simple
as it seems.
Yes. it is.
(suspenseful music)
Pay your debts.
(door slams)
(footsteps)
Miss Wild. we made an agreement.
I kept my side.
Spencer Goldstein have not.
No. it's not that simple.
They have something
really valuable to me.
Now I have something
valuable to them.
No. you... you don't.
Even if they knew that I'm here.
well. they wouldn't care.
It won't register.
I'm worth less to them
than a stray dog.
Quite brilliantly.
you're worth billions.
But they manage trillions.
If they owned New York City.
you'd just be a...
a hot dog stand.
Holding me gets you nowhere.
And they're never going
to pay you.
They haven't even paid me.
(suspenseful music)
We'll see.
(chair scrapes)
You will find a way
to make them.
Otherwise parts of you
are going to start turning up
in their New York office.
This is my island. Rachel.
My police. my law.
I have an entire army
to make sure
no-one's coming to save you.
(suspenseful music)
(boat engine humming)
The tracker's saying she's
still at the police station?
JAVIER: She's there.
It's confirmed.
BRONCO: Are we still set
for Plan A?
JAVIER: Yes. everything
is still in place.
I've put the engine killers
back on the police cars.
I've got the zipline working.
The spikes are back
in their original place.
So are the landmines.
Even the trap.
- (trap clanking)
- (dirt spilling)
SID: Have the numbers changed?
JAVIER: Salazar
has increased security.
so be prepared to improvise.
There's an extra unit
at the hotel.
One mobile patrol and
around 20 men at the station.
Now they change shift. so
there's a perfect time to go.
But I warn you.
these guys are professional
and they're ready for trouble.
Hey. Do you wanna change first?
- (doors shut)
- (engine starts)
(engine humming)
BRONCO:
We'll lead in the police car.
Moreno. Baker. you take
the back roads in the Jeep.
Gucci and Dunne. you take
the RIB to the airfield.
Everybody clear
how we're doing this?
- MORENO: Yes. Sir.
- Stealth.
Armory. Rachel.
Exit the way we came in.
And Moreno. you've got up front.
- Keep eyes out for any movement.
- Copy.
We'll rendezvous with Dunne
and Gucci at the airfield.
Dunne. you'll have Rachel in the
air eight minutes from pick-up.
- Got it.
- Gucci. you've got Sid.
Then everybody else with me
providing cover.
And when they are airborne.
we fall back to the west evac.
GUCCI: Copy that.
MORENO: Approaching the rear
of the police station.
(dramatic music)
Dropping off Baker to stand by.
- Bronco. Sid. what's your ETA?
- BRONCO: Thirty seconds out.
MORENO: Copy.
MORENO: That's Baker on foot.
(dramatic music)
BRONCO: Twenty seconds out.
DUNNE: Moving into position for
surveillance of the front door.
BRONCO: Ten seconds out.
MORENO:
Still quiet out front. boys.
Couple of tangos idling.
Shouldn't be a problem.
- BRONCO: We're pulling up.
- MORENO: Copy. Eyes on.
(dramatic music)
(police station chatter)
Ch-ch!
(repeats in Spanish)
Manos arriba!
(dramatic music)
MORENO: All quiet.
no movement out front.
(police station chatter)
(gun clicks)
(dramatic music)
Oh...
(repeats in Spanish)
Manos... arriba.
Manos arriba. Arriba.
Don't fuckin' think about it.
- (gun thuds)
- Uh!
(dramatic music)
We've got incoming. boys.
One car approaching
the compound.
Pulling up now.
(doors rattling)
He's sitting in the car.
I'll let you know
when he exits.
(suspenseful music)
Still no movement.
Stand against the wall
and stay there.
(guards chatting)
(suspenseful music)
Still good on the front door.
(guards chatting)
- (guards chatter)
- Ah. ah. ah. ah. ah. ah!
- Ugh!
- (in Spanish) Manos arriba.
Up! You too.
MORENO: Three officers coming
in the side door.
Ten seconds out.
(suspenseful music)
Five seconds out.
(guards chatting)
You've got two more coming
through the front door.
- Bronco. more incoming.
- It's on you.
(in Spanish) Manos arriba.
¡Manos arriba!
Uh. uh. uh...
Don't fuckin' do it.
- Fuck it!
- (gunfire)
- (glass smashing)
You got incoming. boys.
It's starting to get busy.
BRONCO:
We can't get out the front!
SID: Baker. stand by for plan B.
- (alarm ringing)
- (guards shouting)
- (gunfire)
- (glass smashing)
(alarm ringing)
(gunfire. shouting)
SID: Blow the back door!
(explosion)
- (alarm ringing)
- Oh. my God.
- Come on.
- Okay.
(shouting. gunfire)
BAKER: Move. move. move!
- (guards shouting)
- (alarm ringing)
(dramatic music)
(gunfire)
SID: Moreno. get the fucking
car around!
MORENO: Movin'!
- (alarm ringing)
- (guards shouting)
- (engine revving)
- (brakes screeching)
- (alarm ringing)
- (guards shouting)
SID: Okay. Let's go.
(engine revving)
BRONCO: Dunne.
we are en route to the airfield.
Get the gyros ready.
(engine revving)
(guards shouting)
- (engines revving)
- (sirens blaring)
They got the girl.
What do you mean.
"They got the girl"?
They broke her out of prison
and they're trying
to leave the island.
Well. stop them!
(suspenseful music)
And get her back!
(dramatic music)
If we wanna strand them.
now's our chance.
- (gunfire)
- (sirens blaring)
- (glass smashes)
- Uh!
- (gunfire)
- (sirens blaring)
(bullets clatter)
(explosions)
Ah!
- (tires screeching)
- (engine revving)
(guards shouting)
(engine revving)
(dramatic music)
(drone whirring)
(guards shouting)
(engine revving)
(dramatic music)
Gucci. we are inbound.
(engine revving)
Stay in the car.
- Moreno...
- On it!
SUV incoming!
(dramatic music)
Drone! Drone! Drone!
- Get the fuck outta there!
- Dunne!
- Everyone down!
- (explosion)
Dunne! Dunne!
Argh!
(dramatic music)
(gunfire)
- BRONCO: Argh!
- (gunfire)
(glass shattering)
(gunfire)
- (explosion)
- (gunfire)
- (tires screeching)
- (shouting)
- (gunfire)
Gucci. Moreno. get to the bikes!
On it. Let's go!
Change of plan! West evac.
MORENO: We can't do that.
There's another team incoming.
SID: Then we'll lose them
in the banana pie.
Baker. eyes out.
Keep us covered.
- (motorbikes revving)
- (dramatic music)
BAKER: I've got eyes on.
They're one kilometer out.
(dramatic music)
(motorbikes revving)
BRONCO: Gucci. Moreno. peel off
and prepare to ram's horn.
MORENO: Copy.
(motorbikes revving)
SID: Baker. hold your fire.
Wait 'til they're deep
in the trap.
- (shouting)
- (gunfire)
(motorbikes revving)
MORENO: A hundred feet out.
SID: Ram's horn. now!
MORENO: Turning now.
(motorbikes revving)
- (gunfire)
- (shouting)
- Argh!
- (crash)
- (motorbike revving)
(dramatic music)
SID: Baker. hold them back.
(gunfire)
Bronco. stopping in three.
two. one...
SID: Bronco's out.
Opening the pit.
(lever clunks)
(mechanism creaking)
Ah. fuck.
BRONCO: Pit don't open.
Bronco. I'm running
out of road here!
Make it fucking open!
(gunfire)
- (lever clunks)
- (shouting. gunfire)
- (clanking. crashing)
- Aaargh!
- (loud thud)
(gunfire)
(motorbikes revving)
(shouting. gunfire)
- (motorbikes revving)
- (gunfire)
- (screaming)
Argh!
(motorbike revving)
SID: Bronco. are you good?
We're good.
See you at the villa.
(helicopter blades whirring)
Don't worry. There's 70 of us
and six of them.
Let's go!
(blades whirring)
Gucci. drone.
- Baker. jack-in-the-box.
- Copy.
Moreno. you'll be with me.
South side.
Aye aye. Sir.
We hold them off. draw them in.
rig this place
and blow the nest.
(drone whirring)
- (gun clicks)
- GUCCI: Drone is live.
(suspenseful music)
Three vehicles on the west side.
Three hundred yards out.
Stinger. now.
- (chain rattling)
- (tires burst)
- (shouting)
- (tires screeching)
(shouting)
Twelve on foot
coming your way. Sid.
They're heading over the ridge.
Two vehicles. east road.
Coming towards you. Bronco.
- (dramatic music)
- Baker.
- (beep)
- (explosion)
- (crashing)
- (shouting)
First car is down!
GUCCI: Sid. they're cresting
the ridge.
- Moreno?
- Ready.
- Engage.
- (gunfire)
- (shouting)
(suspenseful music)
(gun fires)
(background gunfire)
(gunfire)
GUCCI: Truck incoming.
east side!
Another SUV. south east.
MORENO: Tactical with an M60
on their back.
BAKER: I'll clear up.
- (gunfire)
- (shouting)
(gun fires)
- Baker. open the hole!
- Yes. Sir!
- (suspenseful music)
- (gunfire)
(hatch clunks)
- (shouting)
- (gunfire)
Moreno. on your right!
The hole's clear!
(gun fires)
- (gunfire)
- (shouting)
Gucci. Moreno. go ahead.
set up the zipline!
- SID: Move!
- Moving.
- (gunfire)
- (shouting)
GUCCI: Covering. Sid. move!
- (gunfire)
- (dramatic music)
MORENO: Gucci. let's go!
SID: Check the route is clear.
Leave our ATV running.
GUCCI: Yes. Sir.
BAKER: Move! Move it!
- (gunfire)
- Move!
(dramatic music)
(gun fires)
- How you doing. Baker?
- All good.
- (beep)
- Charges are set. We're ready.
MORENO: Evac's clear.
(gunfire)
Bronco. Getting meat sweats.
Shall we ring the bell?
(pin jangles)
- Thinking so.
- (gas grenade discharges)
(shouting)
(zipline buzzing)
(gun fires)
MORENO: Sid. zipline's up.
Bronco. Mum. let's go.
Get Mom out of here.
I'll catch you up.
No. it's too hot.
Don't fuck around. I'll stay.
The plan was you two with Mom.
Someone needs to stay
and press the fucking buttons.
- Baker!
- Don't fuck around!
- (dramatic music)
- (shouting)
(gunfire)
Bronco...
Two minutes. Baker.
I'll be there.
Two minutes.
SID: Time to go.
(gunfire)
Rachel. stay close.
- (shouting)
- (gunfire)
Sid!
(gunfire)
Argh!
Stay covered.
(gunfire)
(suspenseful music)
(engine revving)
MORENO: Your ATV's running.
We're heading to the port.
¡Vamos! ¡Vamos!
(shouting)
- (pin jangles)
- (cannister hissing)
(cannister hissing)
SID: Bronco. we need to move.
BRONCO: Baker.
what's your status?
- Baker?
- I'm on my way!
BRONCO: Baker. that's
two minutes. It's time to go.
I said I'm on my way.
(gunfire)
BRONCO: Get out the front.
the tunnel's compromised.
- (motorbikes revving)
- (shouting)
- (gunfire)
Aargh!
Damn it. Baker! Come in!
What are you doing?
I'll meet you
at the extraction point.
(shouting)
- (gunfire)
- (shouting)
- BRONCO: Baker!
- I'm right behind ya.
You're not fucking
behind me. Baker!
Get out of there!
That's an order!
Fuck!
Fuck. Just get Mom
off the island.
BRONCO: What are you doing?
Don't you do it!
Don't you fucking do it!
Baker! Baker!
(huge explosion)
(explosion rumbling. echoing)
(dramatic music)
(zipline whirring)
(hook clips)
(gunfire)
Aargh!
- (gunfire)
- (shouting)
Uh!
- (gunfire)
- (shouting)
(zipline whirring)
(dramatic music)
- (shouting)
- (gunfire)
Rachel. with me!
Sid. let's go!
- (gunfire)
- (shouting)
(dramatic music)
(engine idling. revving)
BRONCO: Moreno. Gucci.
we're two minutes
from the dock.
MORENO: Copy. We're ready to go.
(dramatic music)
(engine revving)
(helicopter whirring)
- (gunfire)
- Ah!
(gunfire)
(helicopter whirring)
- Ah... urgh!
- (missile launches)
- (explosion)
- Shit!
(explosions)
(gunfire)
- (missile launches)
- (explosion)
(helicopter whirring)
(engine revving)
- (missile launches)
- (explosion)
(engine revving)
Go around again!
(dramatic music)
Range?
Wait.
I said. "range."
I said. "wait."
(helicopter whirring)
Three hundred. Er. wait. 275.
- Make your mind up.
- 250. Ram it. Janet.
(clicking)
(missile launches)
- (missile whizzing)
- Aaah!
(explosion)
(helicopter whirring)
(crashing)
(dramatic music)
(explosion)
- (engine revving)
- (tires screeching)
(dramatic music)
Come on.
Baker?
No.
Take her to the boat.
We'll catch you up.
(dramatic music)
- (city humming)
- (sirens blaring)
I thought I'd stop by
on my way out.
No hard feelings. I hope?
Ah. I've been paid.
So. everyone's happy.
Well. not. not quite. actually.
I've come from upstairs.
So I see.
Seems like the whole Salazar
debacle continues to unfurl.
Why do I care?
No-one knows where he is.
He disappeared.
We'll catch you up.
(chatting in Spanish)
Hey!
(questions in Spanish)
(questions angrily in Spanish)
(spits out lid)
(tapping)
(in Spanish) Mierda...
(suspenseful music)
(doors thud)
(gurney clunking)
(engine revving)
(engines revving)
RACHEL: You crossed
the line. Bobby.
You should have taken your out
while you had the chance.
I solved this problem for you.
but you got greedy
and made a mess of it.
So. Sid and Bronco are now going
to solve it their way.
Someone needs to wear it.
Someone needs to be buried.
It's not gonna be me.
RACHEL: Well. let's just hope
Salazar doesn't turn up.
because if he does.
he'll turn state evidence
on Spencer Goldstein
for funding
a criminal organisation.
Welcome to Miami. Mr. Salazar.
Who the fuck is Mr. Salazar?
I'm Mr. Smith.
As long as that little
red phone doesn't ring.
I'm sure you'll be fine.
Love you. Bobby.
(suspenseful music)
- (phone ringing)
- (suspenseful music plays)